INTG-424: Create Mulesoft deploy action (#1)
invitation-homes/mulesoft-deploy-action: README.md

> # Mulesoft Build Action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# GitHub Action to deploy a Mulesoft application
```

> A GitHub Action downloads the release artifact from the GitHub repository and uploads it on the Mulesoft Cloudhub runtime environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A GitHub Action that downloads the specified release artifact from the GitHub repository and uploads it to the Mulesoft Cloudhub runtime environment.
```

## Usage
Add the following steps in your workflow:

```
      - uses: invitation-homes/mulesoft-deploy-action@main
        with:
          release-tag: "1.0.0"
          cloudhub-env: "dev"
          cloudhub-app-name: "salesforce-marketing-cloud-dev"

>           cloudhub-org-id: "5d528c97-b639-428c-bd03-bf3b247075c9"

Reviewer: Is there a case when we'd need to change this? I think we could just hardcode it in the action.
